Artist: Aesop Rock
Album:  None Shall Pass
Song:   Bring Back Pluto
Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com

"This is my friend, Tony. He's pretty cool, although, he's not always so smart."

[Aesop Rock]
And then they were eight, just like that...
In the beginning it was large marge sent me, I'm bent
Empty the rent if you can double park the garbage barge gently 
The moon took a second mortgage on the seventh house, and Jupiter ain't talk to Mars
He felt to host the rover sold him out, close your mouth
poke your snout over the cloaked aroma clouds 
Solar boy elope with couch ogling older Polaroids 
Motor mouth chauffeur the golden molar toy
Gophers yolk a fish out of water, he grows lungs and multiplies 
Idle, when soldering a perfect union, 
it is vital to calculate any ornery loose ends, 
so if mutiny ensues the aloof is assumed nuisance
The clue is in his vacancy, the proof is in his goosebumps
Maroon the traitors expecting acres of edelweiss,
Who later learn it may actually be safer to play with knives 
I show up late lookin? all project grizzly, two bowies
a third for throwing, and accomplish dickweed 
Nothing, nada, nill
I stuff a lot of pill to gut
What's the proper rules on stuffing hostages in trucks? 
I'll be numb enough to chill before the choppers spill the blood, but if I'm not... 
Fuck it! Plug him, warpy got his god damned groove back
Jet-setting on spec with a dead yeti on the roof rack
And miscreants will rubberneck jalopy euthanasia which will later be regretted
When it?s your turn for cremation, and I walk like early man, freak a little witch hunt
Gathering the carnies and exploiting every stigma, the malformed oddities among
Sovereignty's normal, shall abuse every vice you can imagine right before you

All I thought of was the cloven-hooved, and how they clip-clip-clop over the woven roofs 
With a nose for commotion and stolen goods, 
now tell me what the fuck am I supposed to do? 
In the mean time nine minus one left eight, in the mean time nine minus one left
Eight, in the mean time nine minus one left eight, 
we were busy putting barbs on a large iron gate

Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune...

[Aesop Rock]
Stare into the glowing eye of Cerberus and grow 
Authoritative laminates will not repel the quarantined alone 
All the town sickly know the Coke machine as home
Where they sit and hope the oval tine that nobles drink is strong 
Couples only roller rink with soul to kiss your chicken to, 
before they wiggle mittens through the pillory to ridicule, 
And you can hear the iron maidens lock, 
or see the town crier?s ankle stock chained up to the tanker truck 
A is up early, ring and run, thank you much
Document a little of that underbelly bang for buck 
Hey, I walk as the hype of the city gossip
meaning every dumpster diver's gotta vomit up a comment like
um, you ain't shit, this ain't ill
this is little Russian dolls that get smaller and smaller still 
This a corpse full of pills tryin' to sit still and build 
Cause eight planets bullied number nine until he fell 
Babylon goggles, gawk for the galvatron coppers, tugboat salvage all fossils 
I'll be shepherd when the whirlybirds deny the lepers doctors, if I'm not.... 
Fuck it! The terrible metal hacking seeds up's as American as ski up off a plastic d-cup 
You'd think Charlie Brown was Weathermen
how I zig-zag around these yellow backs for peanuts
In the baggy stomach lining attached to the bums in hiding sits the morals
Every outing would slide to refine his grinding 
When the freakishly disfigured have
Been triggered to surround you
You will live inside the actual second they let the hounds loose

All I thought of was the cloven-hooved, and how they clip-clip-clop over the woven roofs 
With a nose for commotion and stolen goods
now tell me what the fuck am I supposed to do? 
In the mean time nine minus one left eight, in the mean time nine minus one left
Eight, in the mean time nine minus one left eight
we were busy putting barbs on a large iron gate

Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune...
Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune...