Artist: Drake f/ Lil Wayne
Album:  Take Care
Song:   HYFR (Hell Ya Fucking Right)
Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com 

[Drake]
Gotta do what I gotta do...

Uhh, +All My Ex's Live in Texas+ like I'm George Strait
Or they go to Georgia State where
tuition is handled by some random nigga that live in Atlanta 
that she only see when she feels obligated
Admitted it to me the first time we dated 
but she was no angel and we never waited
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck 
so we took it to go, told 'em don't even plate it
Then we never talked so much after I blew up 
just only "hello" or "happy belated"
And I think I text her and told her I made it 
and that's when she text me and told me she prayed it
And that's when I text her and told her I love her 
then right after textin and told her I'm faded
She, asked, what have I learned since gettin richer?
I learned workin with the negatives could make for better pictures
I learned Hennessy and enemies is one hell of a mixture
Even though it's fucked up, girl I'm still fuckin wit'cha
Damn, is it the fall? 
Time for me to revisit the past, it's women to call
There's albums to drop, there's liquor involved
There's stories to tell, we been through it all
Yeah... interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my dressin room confusin me with questions; like

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single? I heard you fucked your girl, is it true?
You gettin money? You think them niggaz you with is with you?
And I say hell yeah, hell yeah hell yeah
Fuckin right, fuckin right, alright
And we say hell yeah, hell yeah hell yeah
Fuckin right, fuckin right, alright

[Lil Wayne]
Uhh, so much for bein optimistic
They say love is in the air, so I
hold my breath 'til my face turn purple
Keep a few bad bitches in my circle
My nuts hang like ain't no curfew
Bitch if you wave then I will serve you
I flew jet, she flew commercial 
but we still met, later that night
After my session, she came over
I was aggressive and she was sober
I gave her a pill, she started confessin 
and started undressin and asked me to hold her
And so I did, but that was last month 
and now she's textin me askin for closure
Damn, she say "This shit gon' catch up to me, I keep tissue paper"
We eat each other whenever we at the dinner table
She say she hate that she love me and she wish I was average
Shit, sometimes I wish the same, and I wish she wasn't married
Promises, I hope I never break 'em
Met a female dragon, had a fire conversation
But... interviews are like confessions
Get the fuck up out my bedroom confusin me with questions; like

[Chorus] - last line "Fuckin right, damn right, alright, uh"

[Drake]
And we say hell yeah, hell yeah hell yeah
Fuckin right, fuckin right, alright
And we say hell yeah, hell yeah hell yeah
Fuckin right, damn right, alright
Ohhh yeah, yeah...