Artist: Fabolous
Album:  The S.O.U.L Tape 3
Song:   Young O.G. *
Typed by: Cedmaster3K

* bonus track

[Fabolous]
Nigga, don't tell me what niggas say about me
Tell me why they feel comfortable tellin' you...

The saddest stories comes from those who once had the glory
Had the foreigns, diamond watches and the baddest shorties
Now they in their latter 40s, bunch of kids, scatted shorties
No respect from the neglect, they call they daddy Corey
I'm from a different cloth, that ain't the pattern for me
It's levels to this shit, it's different categories (yea)
Can't be like them niggas out here lookin' fat and gaudy
They ain't never won no rings but be mad at Horry
Talkin' 'bout, "man that nigga don't deserve that shit"
Like "I was really in these streets, I used to serve that shit"
We started from the bottom, had to topsy-turn that shit
Get it while the gettings good after that preserve that shit
My ex texted me last night, but I curve that shit
Coulda end up hittin' it, be too late to swerve that shit (ERR!)
That's a young mistake, Lord knows I made me some (word)
I love gettin' brain, that never made me dumb
All that did was made me cum, swear these hoes made me numb (yea)
Only feelings for this bitch, you been shoulda gave me some
I knew niggas who had some bread never gave me crumbs (feel me)
Drink the whole fuckin' juice and never saved me some (feel me)
I know how young niggas feel, I had to live through shit
See the world as constipated, nobody gon' give you shit
I learned that niggas gon be niggas, yeah we shouldn't do it
But hoes gon' be hoes, they just ain't admittin' to it
Where I been? Gettin' to it, goin' through and gettin' through it
Runnin' round, killin' shit and tellin' cops "I didn't do it" (Niicee)
That's why they call me "Young OG"
And I'mma spit this dope shit until my tongue OD
I flew my shorty in from Cali and she brung OG
She got me chillin' in my city but my lungs OT
And fuck them niggas online, reply why?
Broke niggas talking cause it's free wifi

[Outro: excerpt from the movie "Baby Boy"]
"I hear you; you know the problem with you lil niggas?
You think you know everything about the damn world... and you don't know shit
Well I see you got yourself a lil business goin'
Well that's good, that's good when you make that paper
But when you makin' paper you gotta learn some rules too
You gotta learn the difference between guns and butter
It's two types of niggas in this world: they're niggas with guns and niggas with butter
Now what are guns? The guns, that's the realist thing
It's stocks and bonds, artwork, you know the shit you appreciate with value
What's the butter? Cars, clothes, jewelry
all that other bullshit they don't mean shit after you buy it
That is what it's all about - guns and butter baby!
Lil dumb motherfuckers..." {*echoes*}