Artist: Kanye West f/ Ghostface Killah, Pusha T (Clipse)
Album:  G.O.O.D. Music: Cruel Summer
Song:   New God Flow
Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash

[Intro/Chorus]
Shake that body, party that bod
Shake that body, party that bod
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G-O-D

[Pusha T] + (Kanye)
I believe there's a God above me
I'm just the God of everything else
I put holes in everything else
New God flow, fuck everything else
Supreme dope dealer - write it in bold letters
They love a nigga's spirit like 'Pac at the Coachella
They said Pusha ain't fit with the umbrella
But I was good with the lle' as a wholesaler
I think it's good that 'Ye got a blow dealer
A hot temper, matched with a cold killer
I came aboard for more than just to rhyme with him
Think '99, when Puff woulda had Shyne with him
(Matching Daytonas, rose gold on us)
Goin GAM in Ibiza done took a toll on us
(But since you over do it, I'ma pour more)
Well if you goin coupe, I'm goin four door

[Chorus] - 2X

[Pusha T] + (Kanye)
Step on they necks 'til they can't breathe
Claim they five stars but sell you dreams
They say death multiplies by threes
Line them all up and let's just see
Fuck 'em 'Ye, fuck 'em 'Ye!
I wouldn't piss on that nigga with Gran Marnier
(Woo!) They shitty shoppin at Targét
(Woo!) My shit is luxury Balmain 
I'm ballin', Amar'e
A nick' sold in the park then I want in
What's a king without a crown, nigga?
What's a circus without you clown niggaz?
What's a brick from an outta-town nigga
When you flood and you can drown niggaz?
It's the G.O.O.D. Music golden child
M.A. dollar sign, can't nobody hold me down

[Chorus]

[Kanye West]
Hold up; I ain't trying to stunt man
But these Yeezys jumped over the Jumpman
Went from most hated to the champion God flow
I guess that's a feelin only me and LeBron know
I'm living three dreams
Biggie Smalls', Dr. King, Rodney King's
Cause we cian't get along, no resolution
'til we drown all these haters, rest in peace to Whitney Houston
Cars, money, girls and the clothes
Aww man, you sold your soul
Naww man! Mad people was frontin
Aww man! Made somethin from nothin
Picture workin so hard and you can't cut through
That can mess up your whole life like a uncle that touched you
What has the world come to, I'm from the 3-1-2
Where cops don't come through, and dreams don't come true
Like there the God go in his Murcielago
From working McDonalds, barely payin the car note
He even got enough to get his momma a condo
Then they ran up and shot him right in front of his mom
Forty killings in a weekend, forty killings in a week
Man the summer too hot you can feel it in the street
Welcome to Sunday service if you hope to someday serve us
We got green in our eyes, just follow my Erick Sermon
Did, Moses not part the water with the cane?
Did, strippers not make an arc when I made it rain?
Did, Yeezy not get signed by Hov' and Dame?
And, ran to Jacob and made the new Jesus chain?
In Jesus' name, let the choir say
"I'm on fire" ay that's what Richard Pryor say
And we annihilate anybody that violate
Ask any dope boy you know, they admire 'Ye

[Chorus]

[Ghostface Killah - verse exclusive to OHHLA.com]
Yeah nigga
Yo I had my, I had my Jesus piece since '94
I don't know what, I uh I don't know what y'all talkin 'bout
AND MY EAGLE
Still got all in the bank baby (yeah)
All I did was play possum (yo, c'mon)
600, Cuban cigar and the big tug
Medallion on, ducks soak on the French cut
With soap suds on the Mac-11
My big lion haven't ate since 12, it's half to 7
We feed the nigga like 40 chickens
His tail wag when I send him a bag with just one victim
Uh-huh! Now let me show you what my closet on
Gems in the display case, call it a rock-a-thon
Ock, I got soccer moms prayin for cock
Asians get it from behind while they cleanin they wok
Foamin with flows that are toxic (c'mon)
Deadly fumes when I'm in the room
Repercussions occur when you dry snitch
Red light, green light, one-two-three
Look mean, got my machine cryin to hit you please
'Til they shake that body, start rockin that body
"Should I kill 'em now Tone?" I said "Probably"
Style vetter form better (yeah)
Bust hammers with potholders and yo
Dead a cow for his fuckin leather
I'm not bowlegged but old school Redd Foxx
My favorite color in my hustle days was red tops
My gold Eagle ore shitted out a red rock
Threw it off my project roof, we saw red dots
Kanye, shine the light on my Wallabees
You can have a good time with G-O-D

[Chorus]

[over Chorus]
It's rare nigga, Ric Flair nigga
Yeah! Yeah, whoa
Bo! Bo! It's a New God Flow
Yo

[Kanye West]
G.O.O.D. Music! G.O.O.D. Music! {*2X*}