Artist: Kanye West f/ R. Kelly, Teyana Taylor
Album:  G.O.O.D. Music
Song:   To the World
Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash

[R. Kelly]
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
To the world, I made up in my mind
I'm doin' things my way, I'm burnin' shit down tonight
I'm doin' things my way, it's my way or the highway
Let me say it one more time

[Chorus: R. Kelly]
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
To the world, to the world, to the world
To the world, to the world, to the world
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
Middle fingers up!

[R. Kelly]
(Motherfucker) deuces minus one
Middle finger to the sky tonight (ay, ay, ay)
The whole world is a couch
Bitch I'm Rick James tonight (I don't give a fuck)
Throw it up, throw it up
Cause you can't take it with you
Funny how they wait 'til you gone just to miss you
To the world, to the world
Then I'm on my Sinatra, I'm doin it my way
Let's take it a notch up, take it up
Let me see you put your middle fingers up!
To the world, I made up in my mind
Doin things my way, I'm burnin shit down tonight
I'm doin things my way, it's my way or the highway
Let me see you one more time

[Chorus]

[Kanye West]
Mmmm ain't this some shit ? Pulled up in the A-V-entador
And the doors, raise up, like praise the Lord
Did the fashion show, and a tour, and a movie, and a score
This a ghetto opera, Francis Ford Car Coppola
I need a new crib to hold my plaques, Rick Ross had told me that
Said I'd be all up in Goldman Sachs
Like, "These niggaz tryna hold me back
These niggaz tryna hold me back", I'm just tryin to protect my stacks
Mitt Romney don't pay no tax, Mitt Romney don't pay no tax
Chi-Town 'til I'm on my back, Chi-Town 'til I'm on my back
Only nigga in Beverly Hills, where the hell is Axel Foley at?
"Ease up there baby boy," Ving Rhames told Jody that
R. Kelly and the God of rap
Shittin on you, holy crap

[Chorus]

[Teyana Taylor]
I could give it all up, but it's not enough
Ay ay, here you go, my middle finger
To the world, to the world, from the ground to the moon
Here's to the mountains, yeah here's to the room
Give it up, give it up, won't let you deny me
Makin' you love me, makin' you love me