Artist: Boogie Down Productions
Album:  By All Means Necesasry
Song:   I'm Still #1
                                      
   Verse 1
   
   D.J. Doc you know he's down with us
   D-Square, he's down with us
   Keyboard Money Mike, is down with us
   I.C.U., you know he's down with us
   D-Nice and McBoo, they're down with us
   Ms. Melodie, she's down with us
   Just-Ice and DMX, they're down with us
   My manager Moe, he's down with us
   Castle-D boy, he's down with us
   D.J. Red Alert, he's down with us
   Robocop boy, he's down with us
   Makin' funky music is a must
   I'm number one.
   
   People still takin' rappin' for a joke
   A passing hope or a phase with a rope
   Sometimes I choke and try to believe
   when I get challenged by a million MCs
   I try to tell them, "We're all in this together!"
   My album was raw because no-one would ever
   think like I think and do what I do
   I stole the show, and then I leave without a clue

   What do you think makes up a KRS?
   Concisive teaching, or very clear speaking?
   Ridiculous bass, aggravating treble
   Rebel, renegade, must stay paid
   not by financial aid, but a raid of hits
   causing me to take long trips
   I'm the original teacher of this type of style
   Rockin' off-beat with a smile
   or smirk or chuckle, yes some are not up to
   BDP Posse so I love to
   step in the jam and slam
   I'm not Superman, because anybody can
   or should be able to rock off turntables
   Grab the mic, plug it in and begin
   But here's where the problem starts, no heart
   Because of that a lot of groups fell apart
   Rap is still an art, and no-one's from the Old School
   cuz Rap is still a brand-new tool
   I say no-one's from the Old School cuz Rap on a whole
   isn't even twenty years old
   Fifty years down the line, you can start this
   cuz we'll be the Old School artists
   And even in that time, I'll say a rhyme
   A brand-new style, ruthless and wild
   Runnin' around spendin' money, havin' fun
   cuz even then, I'm still number one.
   
   Verse 2
   
   Blastmaster KRS-One of course
   comes to express with style the lost
   ways of rhyming, old and new, past and present
   Knock, knock, who is it?
   A brand-new style, hup, time to change
   People talk about me when they see me on stage
   Live in action, guaranteed raw
   I hang with the rich and I work for the poor
   Now tomorrow you can say you saw
   KRS-One stompin' once more
   I play by ear, I love to steer
   the Alfa Romeo from here to there
   I grab the beer, but not in the ride
   cuz I'm not stupid, I don't drink and drive
   I'm not a beginner, amateur or local
   My album is sellin' because of my vocals
   You know what you need to learn?
   Old School artists don't always burn
   You're just another rapper who's had his turn
   Now it's my turn, and I am concerned
   about idiots posing as kings
   What are we here to rule?
   I thought we were supposed to sing
   And if we oughta sing, then let us begin to teach
   Many of you are educated, open your mouth and speak
   KRS-One is something like a total renegade
   except I don't steal, I rhyme to get paid
   Airplanes flyin', overseas people dyin'
   Politicians lyin', I'm tryin'
   not to escape, but hit the problem head-on
   by bringin' out the truth in a song
   So BDP, short for Boogie Down Productions
   made a little noise cuz the crew was sayin' somethin'
   People have the nerve to take me for a gangster
   An ignorant one, something closer to a prankster
   Doin' petty crimes, goin' straight to penitentiary
   But in a scale of crime that's really elementary
   This beat is now compelling me to explain in silence
   why my last jam was so violent
   It's simple: BDP will teach reality
   No beatin' around the bush, straight up, just like The P Is Free
   So now you know, a poet's job is never done
   But I'm never overworked, cuz I'm still number one.
   
   Kool Moe Dee, he's down with us
   Eric B. and Rakim, they're down with us
   Stetsasonic, they're down with us
   Dana Dane, he's down with us
   Sleeping Bag Records, they're down with us
   My lawyer Jay, he's down with us
   Jive/RCA is down with us
   Makin' funky music is a must
   I'm number one.
