Artist: Boogie Down Productions
Album:  Criminal Minded
Song:   South Bronx

Scott La Rock:  Yo, wassup Blastmaster KRS-ONE. This jam is kickin'
KRS: Word! Yo, what-up D-Nice?
D-Nice: Yo, wassup Scott La Rock?
SLR: Yo man, we chillin' this funky fresh jam. I wanna tell
  you a little somethin' about us. We're the Boogie Down
  Productions crew and due to the fact that no-one else out there
  knew what time it was, we have to tell you a little story about
  where we come from...

South Bronx, the South South Bronx (4X)

Many people tell me this style is terrific
It is kinda different but let's get specific
KRS-One specialized in music
I'll only use this type of style when I choose it
Party people in the place to be, KRS-One attacks
Ya got dropped off MCA cause the rhymes you wrote was wack
So you think that hip-hop had it's start out in Queensbridge
If you popped that junk up in the Bronx you might not live
Cause you're in...

South Bronx, the South South Bronx (4X)

I came with Scott LaRock to express one thing
I am a teacher and others are kings
If that's a title they earn, well it's well deserved, but
without a crown, see, I still burn
You settle for a pebble not a stone like a rebel
KRS-One is the holder of a boulder, money folder
You want a fresh style let me show ya
Now way back in the days when hip-hop began
With CoQue LaRock, Kool Herc, and then Bam
Beat boys ran to the latest jam
But when it got shot up they went home and said "Damn
There's got to be a better way to hear our music every day
Beat boys gettin blown away but comin outside anyway"
They tried again outside in Cedar Park
Power from a street light made the place dark
But yo, they didn't care, they turned it out
I know a few understand what I'm talkin about
Remember Bronx River rollin thick
With Kool DJ Red Alert and Chuck Chillout on the mix
When Afrika Islam was rockin the jams
And on the other side of town was a kid named Flash
Patterson and Millbrook projects
Casanova all over, ya couldn't stop it
The Nine Lives Crew, the Cypress Boys
The real Rock Steady takin out these toys
As odd as it looked, as wild as it seemed
I didn't hear a peep from a place called Queens
It was seventy-six, to 1980
The dreads in Brooklyn was crazy
You couldn't bring out your set with no hip-hop
Because the pistols would go...
So why don't you wise up, show all the people in the place that you are wack
Instead of tryna take out LL, you need to take your homeboys off the crack
Cos if you don't, well, then their nerves will become shot
And that would leave the job up to my own Scott LaRock
And he's from...

South Bronx, the South South Bronx (8X)

The human TR-808, D-Nice
The poet, the Blastmaster KRS-ONE
The Grand Incredible DJ Scott La Rock
Boogie...Down...Productions
Fresh for '86, suckers!
(Ha ha ha ha ha)

