Artist: Boogie Down Productions
Album:  Criminal Minded
Song:   Super Hoe

[Phone ringing]
Scott: Yo, Kris. I really knocked the boots on those two big-butt
  females last night.
Kris:  Jeeez!
Scott: Yeah, man. I'm on my way down to Latin Quarter to find two
  more freaks...
Kris:  Word...

        [Super Sperm]

Chorus: repeat 2X

Scott LaRock had em all
He is the Super Hoe

        [Super Sperm]

Verse One: KRS-One

Scott LaRock is for now the main topic
Not looking at his cuts or cash flow of the pocket
You may not realize it or you may not know
But, uh... (He is the Super Hoe)
When I say super I'm not exaggeratin
Datin for a guy like Scott turns into matin
He seems to be quiet but I don't buy it
Proof is in the puddin, why don't you just try it
The Super Hoe is loose in your section
And he's armed with a powerful erection
So grab your girl and run for protection
Your momma too, cause I like to mention

Chorus

        [Super Sperm] 4X

Verse Two: KRS-One

Whatever you could do or say inside a bed
Scott LaRock has done and most likely said
He doesn't argue with a girl cause yes, he has others
Keep updated on all kind of rubbers
Got ones that are lambskin, others that are plastic
One day he'll open a school for prophylactics
They don't know... (He is the Super Hoe)
Up in Rochester on DKX
WDKX, now DK-Sex
We were bein interviewed there live on air
Every girl in the city Scott had an affair
KM in the AM had asked his last question
But Scott LaRock said "Wait, I gotta mention
The fact that I'm single, I like to mingle"
And one more time bust the fresh jingle

Chorus

        [Super Sperm] 4X

Verse Three: KRS-One

In the field of music I'll always pass by
Girls that claim to act so fly
They always act like it's all about them or their friends
But according to Scott, they all like to bend
Yes, fly girls, shy girls, black girls, white girls
In eighty-seven it's got to be the right girl
If you claim to have a little problem
Well, Scott LaRock knows just how to solve em
If you're a guy a nine'll do the trick
But if you're a girl, you need some... flowers
I admit Scott has strange powers
Enticing girls in less than an hour
Or should I say minutes?  I seen how he did it
He probably says "I'm Scott LaRock" and she's with it
So whether he's a gigolo, tramp, or pro... (He is the Super Hoe)
Now many people have their ways of expressin
what they do best, for Scott it's undressin
Yes, either a girl or some date for the night
He doesn't want to hear that you're too tight
So do not think that Scott LaRock is mean
It's not his fault, he'll give you Vaseline
The Super Hoe is loose in your area
Makin life for girls a little scarier
So if you got a radio tryin to tape this
Do not keep in mind that he is a rapist
For the Super Hoe to be chillin
Another female out there has to be willin
So all you tramps and hoes raise your hand
Cos Super Hoe Scott LaRock understands
If you're a guy we'll talk about hangin
And if you're a girl he'll talk about bangin
If your moms call up, well, I don't know
But uh... (He is the Super Hoe)

Chorus

        [Super Sperm] 8X

Chorus 3X

        [Super sperm]
