Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Kurupt, Hittman & Ms. Roq
Album:  The Chronic 2001
Song:   Let's Get High
Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash

[all together]
All these niggaz and all these hoes in here
Somebody here gon' fuck! (repeat 4X)

[Hittman]
Talkin that, walkin that, spittin at hoes
Smokin this, drinkin that, hittin at hoes
Fuck this I'm hittin that I'm hittin em both
Have one ridin dick, one lickin my toes
When I'm lovin these hoes there ain't no love involved
No hugs, no kisses, bear rugs, bear britches
Rare bitches like to pose in them Black Tail pictures
Bitch jumped off my dick, "Is that Dre over there?"

[Dr. Dre]
Yeah -- I just took some Ecstasy
Ain't no tellin what the side effects could be
All these fine bitches equal sex to me
plus I got this bad bitch layin next to me
No doubt, sit back on the couch
Pants down, rubber on, set to turn that ass out
Laid the bitch out, then I put it in her mouth
Pulled out, nutted on a towel and passed out

[Kurupt]
Come on let's get high (hiiiiigh..)
let's get high (hiiiiigh..)
Come on let's get high (hiiiiigh..)
let's get high, all my ladies
let's get high (hiiiiigh..)
high (hiiiiigh..)
Let's get high (hiiiiigh..)
Come on let's get high

I make the four hop {*hydraulic sound*} pull up at the spot
Weed by the barrels in my G'd up apparel
Stompin in the party, Kurupt, Young Gotti
I'm fuckin somethin in this bitch, hit em with some gangsta shit
Put somethin in your mouth bitch real tasty
I'm lookin real sauce in my gangsta-ass Casey's
Hit the party, ease up, Kurupt with an ounce an'
got all the hoes in this motherfucker bouncin {*hydraulics*}
Down to..

	YO WHATTUP SCRAM JONES?
Mel-Man what's crackin? 
Whassup wit all these ol' punk ass hoes in here?

[Ms. Roq]
Nigga WHUT??!  I'm a hustlin bitch!
I like them get rich niggaz, them hit the switch niggaz
Niggaz bout the sex and which bitch to hit next
while I'm kickin my game and collectin them checks
Got all y'all niggaz vexed to fuck this triple-X rated hoe
You say you ain't eat it - you ate it though
And uhh, Roq don't stop, can't be droppin no drawers
To the niggaz how you figure got you shittin in yours
Yeah, little dicks always runnin they mouth
While a bitch is better off to masturbate and be out
All you bitches up in here know what I'm talkin about
Get the loot, get the ice, fuck the wife, no doubt
Tryin to live lavish, marry a big dick and stay carried
Holla back at them niggaz that hollered at me
Pop the Cris', whip the six and shit
and have all y'all niggaz limp when I twist my shit
Yeah!  Bitch ass niggaz!