Artist: N.W.A. (Ice Cube)
Album:  Straight Outta Compton
Song:   I Ain't tha One

Intro: girl, Ice Cube

[Ice Cube, do you think you could give me some money to get
 my hair done?] How short's your hair right now?
[Well you know I get it done every week, and I need my nails
 done too] Look, I'ma tell you like this

Verse One:

I ain't the one, the one to get played like a pooh butt
See I'm from the street, so I know what's up
On these silly games that's played by the women
I'm only happy when I'm goin up in em
But you know, I'm a menace to society
But girls in biker shorts are so fly to me
So I step to em, with aggression
Listen to the kid, and learn a lesson today
See they think we narrow minded
Cause they got a cute face, and big-behinded
So I walk over and say "How ya doin?"
See I'm only down for screwin, but you know
ya gotta play it off cool
Cause if they catch you slippin, you'll get schooled
And they'll get you for your money, son
Next thing you know you're gettin their hair and they nails done
Fool, and they'll let you show em off
But when it comes to sex, they got a bad cough
Or a headache, it's all give and no take
Run out of money, and watch your heart break
They'll drop you like a bad habit
cause a brother with money yo, they gotta have it
Messin with me though, they gets none
You can't juice Ice Cube girl, cause I ain't the one

Interlude One:

[Girrrrrl, you got to get these brothers for all the money
 you can honey.  Cause if they ain't got no money, they can't
 do nothin for me but get out of my face.]

[I know what you mean girl, it ain't nothin right jumpin off
 unless he got dollars]

Verse Two:

Sometimes I used to wonder
How the hell an ugly dude get a fine girl's number
He's gettin juiced for his ducats
I tell a girl in a minute yo, I drive a bucket
And won't think nuttin of it
She can ride or walk, either leave it or love it
I show her that I'm not the O, the N-E, say
I'm a ruthless N-I double-G A
Cause I'm gamin on a female that's gamin on me
You know I spell girl with a B
A brother like me is only out for one thing
I think with my ding-a-ling, but I won't bring no
flowers to your doorstep, when we goin out
Cause you'll take it for granted, no doubt
And after the date, I'ma want to do the wild thing
You want lobster huh?  I'm thinking Burger King
And when I take you, you get frustrated
You can't juice Ice Cube and you hate it
But you see, I don't go nuts
Over girls like you with the BIG ol butts
It start comin out the pocket, to knock it
But when the damage is done...
You can only lay me girl, you can't play me girl
For the simple fact that, I ain't the one

Interlude Two:

[I don't care how they look if they got money,
 we can hook up but they ain't gettin none.]

[Yeah I just make em think they gonna get some,
 play up they mind a lil bit, and get that money.]

[Oh Ice Cube, can I have some money pleeeease?]

Verse Three:

Give you money why bother
Cause you know I'm lookin nothin like your father
Girl, I can't be played or ganked
Ganked means getting took for your bank
Or your gold or your money or something
Nine times outta ten, she's giving up nothing
They get mad when I put it in perspective
But let's see if my knowledge is effective
To the brothas man they robbing you blind
Cause they fine with a big behind, but pay it no mind
Keep your money to yourself homie
and if you got enough game
You'll get her name and her number
Without going under
You can't leave em and love and stay above em
I used to get no play now she stay behind me
Cause I said I had a Benz 190
But I lied and played the one
Just to get some now she feels dumb
To my homies it's funny
But that's what you get trying to play me for my money
Now don't you feel used
But I don't give hoot, huh, because I knock boots
You shouldn't be, so damn material
And try to milk Ice Cube like cereal
Now how many times do I have to say it
Cause if I have to go get a gun
You girls will learn I don't burn
You think I'm a sucka, but I ain't the one

Outro:

[But you said you love me!]
I don't see no rings on this finger
[Why you doin me like this?  I love you!]
Yeah you love my money, I got what I wanted -- beat it
