La la-la la-la la-la la...la...la...la
La la-la la-la la-la la..la..la...la...la

Buck! Buck!

Chorus:

Wa da da dang
Wa da da da dang (Ay!)
Listen to my 9 millimeter go bang
Wa da da dang
Wa da da da dang (Ay!)
This is KRS-One...

Verse 1:

Me knew a crack dealer by the name of Peter
Had to buck him down with my 9 millimeter
He said I had his girl, I said "Now what are you? Stupid?"
But he tried to play me out and KRS-One knew it
He reached for his pistol but it was just a waste
Cos my 9 millimeter was up against his face
He pulled his pistol anyway and I filled him full of lead
But just before he fell to the ground this is what I said...

Repeat chorus

La la-la la-la la-la la...la...la...la
La la-la la-la la-la la..la..la...la...la     x2

Verse 2:

Seven days later I was chillin in the herb gate
But seven days too much when the gossip has to circulate
Puffin sensemilla I heard "knock knock knock"
But the way that they knocked it did not sound like any cop
And if it were a customer they'd ask me for a nick
So suddenly I realized it had to be a trick
I dropped down to the floor and they did not waste no time
They shot right through the door so I had to go for mine
They pumped and shot again but the suckas kept on missin
Cos I was on the floor by now, I crawled into the kitchen
Thirty seconds later, boy, they bust the door down
The money and the sensemi' was lyin all around
But just as they put their pistols down to take a cut
Me jumped out the kitchen, went "buck! buck! buck!"
They fall down to the floor but one was still alive
So I put my 9 millimeter right between his eyes
Looked at his potnah and both of them were dead
So just before he joined his potnah this is what I said...

Repeat chorus

La la-la la-la la-la la...la...la...la
La la-la la-la la-la la..la..la...la...la     x2

Verse 3:

I gathered all the money and I ran up the block
I said "This is a perfect time to meet with Scott LaRock"
But Scott is either psychic or he has a knack for trouble
Cos Scott LaRock showed up in a all-black BMW
I jumped inside the car and we screeched off in a hurry
And Scott said "What is wrong?  Relax, tell me the story"
I said "You remember Peter?  Well his posse tried to kill me
I'm all right now because the sensemi' fill me"
Scott just laughed, he said "I know they're all dead
And just before you pulled the trigger this is what you said..."

Repeat chorus

La la-la la-la la-la la...la...la...la
La la-la la-la la-la la..la..la...la...la     x2
