[Dr. Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangsters
Times is changin, young niggaz is agin
Becomin O.G.'s in the game and changin
to make way for these new names and faces but
the strangest things can happen from rappin
when, niggaz get wrapped up in image and actin
Niggaz get capped up and wrapped in plastic
and zipped up in bags when it happens, that's it
I've seen em come, I've watched em go
Watched em rise, witnessed it and watched them blow
Watched em all blossom and watched em grow
Watched the lawsuits when they lost the dough
Best friends and money?  I lost them both
Went and visisted niggaz in the hospital
and saw the same shit all across the globe
I just sit back and watch the show (the watcher)

Chorus: Dr. Dre

	Cause everywhere that I go
	ain't the same as befo' (the watcher)
	People I used to know
	just don't know me no mo' (the watcher)
	But everywhere that I go
	I got people I know (the watcher)
	who got people they know
	So I suggest you lay low (the watcher)

[Dr. Dre]
I moved out of the hood for good - you blame me?
Niggaz aim mainly at niggaz they can't be
But niggaz can't hit niggaz they can't see
I'm out of sight, now I'm out of they dang reach
How would you feel if niggaz wanted you killed?
You'd probably move to a new house on a new hill
and choose a new spot if niggaz wanted you shot
I ain't a thug - how much Tupac in you you got?
I ain't no bitch neither - it's either my life
or yo' life and I ain't leavin - I like breathin
Cause nigga we can go round for round
Clip for clip, shit fo'pound for pound
Nigga if you really wanna take it there we can
Just remember that you fuckin with a family man
I got a lot more to lose than you, remember that
when you wanna come and fill these shoes (the watcher)

Chorus

{*GUN SHOT*}

[Dr. Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangstas
Cops is anxious to put niggaz in handcuffs
They wanna hang us, see us dead or enslave us
Keep us trapped in the same place we raised in
Then they wonder why we act so outrageous
Run around stressed out and pull out gauges
Cause everytime you let the animal out cages
It's dangerous, to people who look like strangers
But now we got a new era of gangsters
Hustlers and youngsters livin amongst us
Lookin at us, now callin us bustaz
Can't help but reminisce back when it was us
Nigga we started this gangsta shit!
And this the motherfuckin thanks I get?
It's funny how time fly
I'm just havin fun, just watchin it fly by (the watcher)

Chorus

(the watcher - 4X)